FIP-0100: Removing Batch Balancer, Replacing It With a Per-sector Fee and Removing Gas-limited Constraints (#1113)
filecoin-project/FIPs: resources/fip-replaceBatchBalancer/FIPxxxxAppendix.md

## Appendix 

> This document describes simulations related to FIPxxxx: "Removing Batch Balancer, Replacing It With a Per-sector Fee and Removing Gas-limited Constraints".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document describes simulations related to FIP-0099: "Removing Batch Balancer, Replacing It With a Per-sector Fee and Removing Gas-limited Constraints".
```
